.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SYMICADE 1 "February  3, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
symicade \- Symica Design Environment
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B symicade
.RI [ options ] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBsymicade\fP command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBSymica Design Environment\fP integrates all the tools necessary for 
circuit design and simulation - library manager, schematic editor, 
symbol editor, hierarchy editor, simulation environment, input/output 
translators, etc. - and allows the user to manage the operation of the 
various components. 
.PP
The design environment also facilitates the preparation and execution of 
simulations and the inspection and interpretation of simulation results.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR symspice (1),
.BR symprobe (1),
.BR symlayout (1).
.br
The programs are documented fully by \fISymicaDE QuickStart.pdf\fP.
.SH AUTHOR
symicade was written by 
.B symica.com
.
.PP
This manual page was written by Symica support <support@symica.com>
