.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SYMPROBE 1 "February  3, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
symprobe \- Symica waveform viewer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B symprobe
.RI [ options ]  
.RI [ file ] " ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B symprobe
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBsymprobe\fP is a waveform viewer and analog simulation result analyzer. SymProbe offers all the functions designers expect in a convenient graphical interface.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-c    
Indicates that symprobe will apply certain session settings stored in file \fBview.ppw\fP, placed in the same directory where <file> is.
To renew session settings to \fBview.ppw\fP choose menu <View>\\<Save view to disk>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR symicade (1),
.BR symspice (1),
.BR symlayout (1).
.br
The programs are documented fully by \fISymProbe.pdf\fP.
.SH AUTHOR
symprobe was written by 
.B symica.com
.
.PP
This manual page was written by Symica support <support@symica.com> 