.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SYMSPICE 1 "February  3, 2012"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
symspice \- Symica circuit simulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBsymspice\fP \fI[ options ]  [ [-i] input_file  [[-o] output_file] ]\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBsymspice\fP command.
.PP
\fBsymspice\fP is an original SPICE circuit simulator completely developed by the Symica R&D team. 
\fBsymspice\fP provides simulation speed and accuracy at the GOLD-SPICE level. 
\fBsymspice\fP supports all commonly used transistor models and is compatible with industry-standard netlist formats.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-i <input_file>
Specifies the input netlist file name. The input file can be preceded by -i. 
The input file name is used as the root file name for the output files. 
\fBsymspice\fP also checks to see if there is an initial conditions file (.ic) with the input file root name.
.TP
.B \-o <output_file>
Specifies the output file name or directory. 
If a directory named <output_file> exists, \fBsymspice\fP uses <output_file> as output directory otherwise 
<output_file> is considered as output file name. 
If no extension for output file name is given, .lis is assigned.
.TP
.B \-format <fmt> [<fmt2> .. <fmtN>]  
Produces raw data in the format <fmt>. Possible values for <fmt> are 'csdf', 'csv', 'nutbin', 'nutascii', 'apb'.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR symicade (1).
.BR symprobe (1),
.BR symlayout (1),
.BR
The programs are documented fully by \fISymSpice.pdf\fP.
.SH AUTHOR
symspice was written by \fBsymica.com\fP.
.PP
This manual page was written by Symica support <support@symica.com> 